in most endeavors the definition of success is an important one unfortunately
poor management frequently results in people beginning an endeavor
without knowing what the definition of success is and that leaves
each person on their own to try to define what success is and for
them that may be a little easier most of us have enough to your goods
most of us have enough food to eat most of us have enough shelter
and unless you're in a combat situation most of us have purity and
safety but most of us do not have a sense of having achieved something
that is self fulfilling so we usually in my mind success unless
it's imposed by a standard from above success is really doing something
that helps you feel like you're contributing and you're you're
using willing gifts that were given to us best